0.22   2005-05-31

- Allow id names passed to load() to contain dashes or underscores, in
order to support RFC 3066 locale names, which use dashes.

- Fix bugs when a custom locale was registered and a "class" parameter
was passed to register().  Patch from Yann Kerherv.

- Switched to a "traditional" Makefile.PL file at Perrin Harkins'
request.


0.21   2005-02-28

- Fix era() method for year 0.


0.20   2005-02-26

* BACKWARDS INCOMPATIBILITY - The way DateTime::Locale::Base
subclasses work has changed.  Subclasses should no longer implement
the date_formats() or time_formats() methods.  Instead, they need to
provide one method per format length (full_date_format(),
long_date_format(), etc).

- Uses much newer (August, 2004) data from ICU.  This includes a
number of new locales.  See DateTime::LocaleCatalog for a list.  This
new data also adds a new type of differentiator for locales, the
script (Latin vs Cyrillic, for example).

- Added new methods to get the "narrow" forms of a day or month.

- Implemented per-locale eras.

- Fix a number of doc typos and buglets.  Patch by Jean Forget.


0.09   2004-03-09

- Added Storable freeze & thaw hooks.

0.08   2004-02-12

- No code changes, just a Makefile.PL update to work with
Module::Build 0.23.


0.07   2003-12-14

- If given an id like 'en_US.UTF-8', DateTime::Locale would die with
the message 'Can't locate object method "_load_from_id" via package
"DateTime::Locale" at /usr/share/perl5/DateTime/Locale.pm line 220'.
Reported by Sylvain Daubert.


0.06   2003-12-08

- The DateTime::Locale docs now includes docs for all the methods that
a locale object has.


0.05   2003-10-03

- Really make the documentation and code match!  This time there are
even tests for this.  Reported by David Hood (again).

- DateTime::Locale won't try to load a class if it already has a new()
method.  This is so you can define multiple locale subclasses in one
file and load that file yourself before calling the load() method.


0.04   2003-10-03

- The documentation incorrectly showed the DateTime::Locale->register
method as taking an array, rather than an array of hash references.
Reported by David Hood.


0.03   2003-08-06

- Once a locale is loaded, it is cached in memory, so that locale
objects are singletons.  Calling methods that change the locale
registry, like register() or remove_alias(), clear that cache.  This
should provide a noticeable speed boost when constructing many
DateTime objects with the same locale.  Based on a patch from John
Siracusa.


0.02   2003-07-25

- Make sure tests pass without requiring DateTime 0.14 to be
installed.  Reported by Claus Farber.

- Document default formats and format lengths in
DateTime::Locale::Base.


0.01   2003-07-23

- Initial release
